Photography/Videography Contract

This contract pertains to the provision of services and products for a PHOTOGRAPHY/PRODUCTIONS event scheduled to occur at the specified time and venue.

1. Service Provision:
   The Photographer(s)/Producer(s) agree(s) to deliver a minimum of [#1] photos as stipulated in the chosen package. No more than this specified number of images is required to be provided.

2. Post-Processing:
   Post-processing or digital image editing services will be performed on the photos and/or video footage as artistically necessary, depending on the selected package.

3. Image Usage Rights:
   The Client(s) grant(s) permission to the Photographer(s)/Producer(s) and its assigns, licensees, and sub-licensees to utilize the likeness, images, and video footage of the Client(s) for various purposes, including commercial use, advertising, and personal use.

4. Promotional Use:
   The Photographer(s)/Producer(s) reserve(s) the right to promote photos containing the likeness of the Client(s) to third parties.

5. Assignment of Photographer:
   Client(s) acknowledge(s) that the specific Photographer(s)/Producer(s) assigned to the event may vary.

6. Subcontracting:
   The Photographer(s)/Producer(s) may subcontract second shooters or assign other qualified photographers associated with the Photography Company to fulfill the obligations under this contract.

7. Refund Policy:
   Refunds are applicable only in cases where the Photographer(s)/Producer(s) breach the terms and conditions of this contract. Deposits are non-refundable even in the event of date changes or cancellations.

8. Force Majeure:
   Photographer(s)/Producer(s) shall not be held responsible for any disruptions or damages caused by unforeseen events such as natural disasters or accidents.

9. Overtime Charges:
   Should the agreed-upon timeframe be exceeded, an additional fee of $100 per hour will be incurred, added to the final price.

10. Equipment Damage:
    The Client(s) shall be held responsible for any damage to equipment caused by individuals attending the event.

11. Payment Method:
    Payment shall be made by check or cash, with special agreements requiring a payment of %50 of the selected package price to secure the event date.

12. Payment Decline:
    The Client(s) shall bear any bank fees resulting from declined payments.

13. Delivery Schedule:
    Final packages shall be delivered two to four weeks prior to the event date, subsequent to the capture of images.

14. Refund for Breach:
    Refunds are applicable if the terms and conditions of this contract are breached by the Photographer(s)/Producer(s).

15. Failure to Deliver:
    In the event of failure to deliver photographs for any reason, the Client(s) shall be entitled to a refund of all deposits made.

16. No Client Breach Refund:
    No refund shall be granted if the Client(s) breach the terms and conditions of this contract, holding the Client(s) fully responsible.

17. Location Provision:
    The Client(s) shall provide the location for photography. Client(s) shall cover all fees associated with the location, including but not limited to licensing and travel expenses.

18. Client Responsibility:
    The Client(s) shall abide by the rules outlined in this contract and shall be held liable for any breaches thereof.

19. Collection Inspection:
    The Client(s) are responsible for inspecting all photographs, flash drives, or discs upon collection.

20. Liability:
    The Photographer(s)/Producer(s) shall not be liable for loss of photographs due to theft, fire, natural disasters, or any failure to deliver photographs for any reason.

21. Uncollected Photographs:
    Photographs left uncollected for more than 21 days after post-production and notification to the Client(s) will incur a reproduction cost.

22. Refreshments and Food Coverage:

The Client(s) shall provide refreshments and meals for the production team during the duration of the event coverage. Failure to provide adequate refreshments and meals may result in interruptions of coverage.

---

This contract shall be governed by the laws of THE CONNECTOR'S COMPANY.